SDK - XSIAM items into validate (#2061)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Fixed an issue where concurrent processes created by **lint** caused deadlocks when opening files.
* Fixed an issue in the **format** command where `_dev` or `_copy` suffixes weren't removed from the subscript names in playbooks and layouts.
* Fixed an issue where **validate** failed on nonexistent `README.md` files.

> * Added the XSIAM content items into the **validate** command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added support of XSIAM content items to the **validate** command.
```
